[PL-49092] Quartz Exp is valid, while Unix Exp is invalid for the Cron (#6505)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/authentication/single-sign-on-sso-with-ldap.md

The page includes a tabular breakdown of the cron expression for ease of understanding and verification. The **Cron expression** field shows you whether or not the cron expression is valid.

:::note

> The Cron(Quartz) Expression field will accept string consisting of six or seven subexpressions (fields) that describe individual details of the schedule. Unix Cron Expression consisting of five subexpressions is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Cron Expression** field accepts a Quartz CronTrigger string consisting of six or seven subexpressions (fields) that describe individual details of the schedule. Unix cron expressions consisting of five subexpressions are not supported.
```

> The **Cron Expression** field accepts a Quartz CronTrigger string consisting of six or seven subexpressions (fields) that describe individual details of the schedule. Unix cron expressions consisting of five subexpressions are not supported.

Reviewer: nit

Sync The field name capitalization for **Cron expression**. On line 246, it's lowercase. Here it's uppercase. Verifying the UI and match the capitalization.

Author: Thankyou for the edit Brian, appreciate the changes suggestion.

> A sample of the Quartz expression is below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a sample Quartz expression:
```

```
0 0 4 7 ? 2014  
| | | | |  |  
| | | | |  \-------- YEAR (2014)  
| | | | \----------- DAY_OF_WEEK (NOT_SPECIFIED)  
| | | \------------- MONTH (JULY)  
| | \--------------- DAY_OF_MONTH (4th)  
| \----------------- HOUR (0- MIDNIGHT LOCAL TIME)  
\------------------- MINUTE (0)
```

> For more information, please refer [Cron Expressions](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E12058_01/doc/doc.1014/e12030/cron_expressions.htm) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, go to [Cron Expressions](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E12058_01/doc/doc.1014/e12030/cron_expressions.htm) in the Oracle documentation.
```
